come on hee-hee move your car d e that's
it
put your keys in the car and get the
hell out of my sight I'm gonna shove my
tail so far occupied people think your
tongue hungry my name's mom probably see
me around I sell insurance sometimes
people are afraid to approach me because
I'm a bit of a celebrity I'm just like
everyone else I guess if I learned
anything growing up I'll be my ABCs
always be classy no matter what ask my
friend is word still apart
Oh enjoyed telling stories so I'm
choking the guy right and he's like hell
but I'm like nobody can hear you scream
hold on a tick
that's me ex-girlfriend Jessica Jessica
hey Jessica who's that bloke with his
mixer on you I couldn't even see it
tail you know what that means don't you
it means it's really small or even got
one eye Jessica did you hear what I said
tail so anyway I'm choking to God
really good Martin yeah we did it in a
really long time wait what Oh charge
wasn't my first choice you know for a
lot of things I the Wella Martin action
hi it's Martin with the weather as you
can see storm clouds are approaching
from the West and what appears to be
heavy patches of ice and snow and
Oh sake prison where I was born
give me uh mum snuck out one night your
brother didn't make it still in there I
like to visit him every now and then my
brother Gary is a victim of lizard
trafficking serious problem not a lot of
people know about it get you out of here
one day
I reduce the meaner to do for the fence
I want to say I'm a hero but right